it's a territory that is also home to
other wildlife and occasional visitors
visitors for whom the peninsula is just
part of a much larger home range a herd
of elephants is paying a visit to the
area with the elephants comes elephant
dung irresistible to banded mongoose can
roll around in it soaking up the scent a
sort of banded catnip if you will
most of the elephants don't stay for
long but then Mary isn't like most
elephants all they're wild
she's grown used to the human presence
in the area and sometimes turns it to
her advantage
the banded brothers aren't just
attracted to the smell of the dung
they also come for the grubs and insects
that can be found within it as the
ultimate opportunists banded mongoose
rarely go hungry around here